this is Diana Walker of Diana's healthy
lifestyles and today I'm going to talk
about the Sunrider sunpak or meal in a
mug and I learned about this 12 years
ago and this is how I start my day so my
breakfast is sunrider new clause
sunrider quinary sunrider kelly and
sunrider stevia so this is this is the
dark one there's a light colored one too
so this is how I do it I take my new
class and put it into some cali that i
already have prepared of course that's
the thing that's what i have first thing
in the morning is my calorie so i start
my day with a cup of kelly and then i
add in the new plus and a package of
kleiner e and quandary is often comes in
capsules also so you could use five
capsules or even three capsules I like
to use the whole package and then I add
my stevia see I used more than one drop
I use two or three drops because it's a
nice even energy so this is nourish
balance cleanse and this works on your
whole body and gives you an even energy
helps you feel good and it feels a lot
of nutritional needs I find I'm not
hungry until eleven or twelve o'clock i
go to my yoga i go to work out and I
just feel great I have energy I feel
younger than I did 20 years ago so what
more can you ask if you're interested in
Diana's healthy lifestyles go to WWD
onna to calm and we'll see you there
have